they begin to prepare they left with
discover first of mediations
that at a short distance where you do not
reaching a start does not pass the first
place two bodies start the tour the
first curve when the baby senate two
bodies
Dedicated to take third risk
fourth Carlos Gardel last matter of
time the place of passing the second
first entry to the right ground with
the Venetian second resort encounter
the soil that takes fourth place from
last exposed material
Valencian a body the mind to the body
nor two seconds that takes theoretical part
carlos werd the last matter of time a
a body of Venetians two bodies
second to take third Carlos Gardel
fourth risk
first pass by the goal is the
body of advantage over contempt that
local place of the fourth breath ap
exposed last one body matter of time
in the curve of 2500 in the Venetian two
bodies seconds you got me to be dark
fourth Carlos Gardel to a last body
matter in the body and a half follows in
first place is Venetians second that
house three bodies third ridge quarter
Carlos Gardel latest material extracted to
a body in 2200 the Venetian increases
three seconds to get the gentleman listen
touch last place follow matter of
time and the Venetian four bodies
seconds takes me out third quarter fourth
Carlos Garde was a body last matter
of time in the curve of the 900 maintains
the Venetian to the first place of the second
to three bodies to take out desire cliff
fourth to head carlos gardel last
matter of time give place to pass
third and he comes be the two bodies
according to where to take third Carlos Gardel
fourth part a body
exposed the Venetian follows with two
second and third bodies Carlos Gardel
to four bodies quarter matter of time
they start to turn the last curve on
Venetian of the bodies second time
take out the 0 5 macros time are entering
to the right earth the Venetian keeps
two bodies second weight capte tomateros
time quarter carlos werd the last sweetie
eight bodies in the last 200
Venetians continues to increase alone great
three bodies second is located matter of
time third that already weighs every two
Venetian bodies kept in the first
easy place four bodies the material
fall in the Venetian to maternal time
third is to take out the room is to
Carlos Werd the last